---
layout: post
title:  Bad weather, bike on loan, new routes and a sore thumb
date:   2015-06-07
---

A bit of a mixed bag this week, with it’s fair share of highs and lows.

## Lows

Monday was a write-off as I was dropping the Boy down into Brighton during rush hour and there was no way I was going to try giggling a mountain bike, pushchair and a four year old on public transport. Likewise, Tuesday’s ride was forecast with ~50mph winds so I took a rain check. Wednesday I eventually got on the bike but I was on drop-off duty so I had to make do with 2x road rides (A27), which if you know me you’ll know I find rather boring.

# Highs

At last Thursday rolled around and with it brought the first opportunity to give the carbon fibre Lefty 29r I currently have on loan a decent spin.

Before Thursday I was a complete virgin on all three of those bike attributes and the more I ride it, the more of a convert I become.

What I noticed immediately is just how quickly a 29r can get up to speed and add the weightlessness of the carbon makes it incredibly nippy, especially through the trails. The Lefty probably shaves a bit off the overall weight too, and not at all as weird or bulky as I assumed it would be.

With my temporary new steed I decided to mix up my off-road route a bit and try and further explore Stanmer Park and surrounding woodland trails. Having only ventured in a couple of times and really only skirting the edge of where all the action is, this week has been unearthing the real singletrack with all of it’s challenges.

That is, until I over-egged it on Friday morning and clipped a young sapling with the slightly wider bars and stacked it good and proper. The whip sprained my thumb a tad which put a bit of a damper on the rest of the ride and return journey.

Fingers crossed it’s a quick fix.