---
layout: post
title: Shortie but goodie
date: 2015-06-21
---

This was a week of opportunity. Only riding three days meant trying to fit in some distance and elevation wherever I could.

I’ve taken to riding up the Beacon and through Stanmer as a standard route in and coming back along the A27 simply for speed.

I did the standard on Tuesday but tried mixing up the reverse commute on the Wednesday as this is my school drop off day. Instead of doing a “roadie”, I allowed a little extra time to hang left up onto the SDW, then into Blackcap and down into Lewes, missing out the second half of the A27 route. This worked out at around 1hr, which is roughly the same time as the route south of the A27 through Kingston and down Jugg’s Plunge. Not sure how this compares with distance or elevation but it’s a nice option.

Thursday I found myself on the left-hand singletrack at the North end of Highpark Wood and rather slowly scoped it out. It’s a really nice route, a little bit more open to the right-hand side and a lot more roots to hop. Another rider passed me who I eventually caught up with at the woods opposite the Uni on the left of the park. We got chatting and he offered to give me a tour of the best line to take, as it turns out it’s one that I’d been taking anyway so I was pretty confident along the way. He was fast, really fast, so much so that I bagged a few personal records trying to keep up. Cheers Tim! 

We also chatted about riding the SWD over a weekend as that might be on the cards and BigDog at Stanmer as I’ve been toying with the idea of giving it a bash this year.