---
layout: post
title: Opportunity and Impulse
date: 2016-05-27
---

I’m slowly slipping behind the pacer mark for my Strava yearly distance goal, so I took this week, being the first full week in months, to catch up a few KM.

I was keen to back into the breakfast Stamner rides I was doing a fortnight ago but poor weather earlier in the week meant I had to postpone till later in the week. However, I took every opportunity to avoid the A27 and took an old favorite return route from work over Cold Coombes Ridge and through Kingston to Lewes. It used to be my daily winter ride from Lewes to Moulsecoomb, when I had a front and rear derailleur. East to west is still an option, but the chances of me riding up that chalk hill now are a lot less likely. If only there was a singlespeed friendly route, south of the A27, that misses out this chalky hump…

Thursday morning I reacquainted myself with the many Stanmer trails I’ve gotten to know so far, and found a few new twists, turns, bumps and jumps. Clocking up just shy of 29km in distance and 550m of lift, isn’t bad at all for a commute to work. Every ride in the forest makes me want to ride Brighton Big Dog even more, although riding for six hours is a little hard to wrap my head around.

Intentions were to finish off the week with another blast around the park but the constant downpour during the night and un-forecasted continuation into the early morning made me seek out another route. I chose to re-ride the route we rode on the Lewes Cycleshack MTB club ride a few weeks ago. It was great to ride it again without the responsibilities of sweeping and I got to take in the wonderful scenery and wildlife along the Egrets Way. I’ll definitely be adding to the regular routes.
