---
layout: post
title: Wrapping Up 2017 and Marking Out 2018
date: 2017-12-26
---

## Wrapping Up 2017

2017 hasn’t been a bad year at all, although I’ve not been out on the bike as much as I’d like there’s been a few highlights.

### Winchester to Eastbourne _check!_

I finally completed the entire SDW! A couple of school buddies and I set off from Winchester over a summer bank-holiday weekend to ride to Eastbourne over 3 days. Unfortunately Tom had to make an early exit after taking a tumble just outside of Brighton on the second day. This left myself and Dave, who the had to completely bail on the 2015 attempt after getting food poisoning days before, to finish off the hilly bits.

My overzealous maintenance endeavours of two years previous meant I had to call in a last minute favour from my LBS for a replacement for my knackered P7. This year, other than fitting a dusty and worn out derailleur and shifter, I resisted any temptation to tinker and so enabled me to give the recently fully rigid converted P7 the send off it deserved.

### _Mmmm…_ New Bike Smell

A couple of years ago I would fantasise over long travel tricked-out carbon trophy bikes on the cover of the usual motocross-cum-mountain bike rags. That all changes after I went single speed, the simpler the bike could be the better.

When I was left a very generous inheritance earlier this year I was finally in a position to blow the lot on a new bike without feeling any guilt whatsoever. Since falling out of love with the idea of carbon I knew I wanted to carry on the proven radness of steel courtesy of the P7. A school buddy gave me plenty of inspiration and options to tick the steel box. Salsa Fargo, Sury Ogre and Stooge Mk2 were all contenders but is was when Andy announced the Stooge Mk3 with it’s 29" and 27.5" plus that I was sold.

Roughly 3 months in I’m loving it! Amazingly I managed to snap up both wheelset sizes for £250 and after a few weeks running the 29" I switched to the 27.5" plus size and it’s really finished off the build. Althought the budget stretched to 2 wheelsets it didn’t go as far to include a new derailleur or cassette, but one cog suits me just fine.

### Big Fail at Big Dog

Having missed the opportunity to purchase a solo ticket and no luck finding a team to tag along with for the Brighton BigDog race, I purchased a Cliff Shot Lap in order to at least touch the soil. It was a disaster. I’d been riding for about 10mins when my chain snapped and no tools on hand, I freewheeled back to the car and made my trademark French exit. Saying that my 6yo son rode the under 8s and absolutely smashed it!

## Marking Out 2018

This year planted a few seeds and set out scores that are still to be settled in 2018.

### Easing Into Adventures

Riding rigid forks has completely changed my riding style. I’m slower and stop regularly, mostly because the hills between Lewes and Brighton are too much form me but sometimes to take a photo of the glorious surroundings. This year’s SDW trip saw the P7 ladened with as much kit as possible. I got immense pleasure from making my own handlebar strap and drybag combo, a vast improvement from the waggling seatbag of last year.

This has sparked a keen interest in micro-adventures and dreaming up larger trips. The bikepacking forum [Bear Bones](http://bearbonesbikepacking.co.uk/phpBB3/){:target="_blank"} has proved full of inspiration and the odd bit of secondhand kit and has spurred on a handful of goals for 2018.

* Brew up a hot chocolate for Boy and I on our weekend bike rides
* Get handy pitching a tarp
* Spend the night under the stars during a weekend ride
* Experience a night in a bothy

### Events

Seeing as the SDW and 
