---
layout: post
title: Cutting out the junk, another blue arrow, hope and doubt, inspired
date: 2015-06-28
---

Judging by the activity in my Strava feed, it’s probably safe to assume summer is finally here.

This week was the first 5 day consecutive commute since I was knocked for six with that bastard little pernicious cold most of March and April. Although, as usual, I’m taking a beating from the pollen on the trails I’m not getting in the way of enjoying what I love.

It’s mostly been about getting as much distance and elevation into each ride as possible. It looks increasingly likely that I’ll be taking on the SDW in an overnight adventure with a few old school friends in late July.

Returning to the 26” wheels and steel framed Orange has added a bit more weight into the ride too which has hopefully made we work a little harder. It’s felt a bit bit more nippy too with the shorter bars and general length of the bike. There’s something about a steel frame that’s quite comforting.

## Extensions and Options

After having a proper look on the OS map, I finally found the little bit of woodland that I’ve been meaning to explore. It’s nothing special; a gravely, loose dirt, windy descent that joins up to the SDW but it adds on a few extra meters if you want to climb the Beacon. It also a offers a nice option on the return journey, which has been the exploratory theme of the week.

It’s been hard passing up riding the Stanmer trails but I’ve discovered about three different options riding north of the A27. Again, nothing comparing to the fun of Stanmer but great to have in reserve if I fancy a different challenge.

One such option is the bridleway just before you get into Lewes which cuts out the last leg of traffic up to the prison. Again, noting special, but nice to get a bit of dirt in even if it’s ~10mins. This is one addition to my school drop-off route with is otherwise all tarmac.


* sad news about Egrets Way (twitter)
* Friston Forest cycle

